Update UPGRADE-5.0.md (#37682)
symfony/symfony: UPGRADE-5.0.md

WebServerBundle
---------------

>  * The bundle has been removed. Use the `Symfony Local Web Server` instead.

Reviewer: I would do another change here. The bundle has not been removed, but deprecated in core and extracted.

Author: @fabpot what about?

```suggestion
 * The bundle has been deprecated and can be installed separatly. You may also use the `Symfony Local Web Server` instead.
```

Reviewer: Works for me.

typo: separately

>  * The bundle has been deprecated and can be installed separately. You may also use the `Symfony Local Web Server` instead.

Reviewer 2: why using backticks?

Author: indeed useless, a habit on personal doc to highlight some wording :)
